            CSE 160, Introduction to Parallel Computation
                            (Spring 2015)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering 	
                 University of California, San Diego 	


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: James Keophavone

 
B: Chris Almajose
 
 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	          3          3
coding 	  	  	            3          5
writeup 	  	  	          3          2 
planning (alone) 	  	  	  2          3
total (including meetings) 	11  	  	 13


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
    James: Responsible for double checking code and logistical items.
           Shared brainstorming solution to problem.
           Implemented correctness of code against correct solution

    Chris: Responsible for translating brainstorming into code.
           Made critical decisions as to the structure of solution.
           Decided schedule of meetings and order of working on project.

(b) Did you complete the assignment?
    Yes

(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.

    Our strengths:
      - Worked well with each other
      - Pair programming works in our favor
      - Efficient once solution was discovered
      - Understood the problem at hand

    Our weaknesses:
      - Sluggish start
      - Need to be able to allocate more time (assuming projects
          will be more and more difficult)

(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
    Sometimes teams can be very benficial to each member.
    Time management and team cohesion is key to success and efficiency.

(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .

    We plan on meeting more frequently but for less time at each
    meeting. This would allow us to be able to think separately,
    thus allowing us to cover more ground when it comes to solutions.

(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
    None at this moment.

