          CSE 160, Introduction to Parallel Computation
                            (Spring 2015)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering   
                 University of California, San Diego  


    Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #2

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form. 
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Chris Almajose

 
B: James Keophavone

 
(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

                                  A          B
meetings                          2          2   
coding                            7          6
writeup                           2          3
planning (alone)                  2          2
total (including meetings)        13        13

(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?

    Chris
      - Driver for parallel merge
      - Observer for parallel mergeSort
      - Created plots
      - Putting together pdf

    James
      - Driver for parallel mergeSort
      - Observer for parallel merge
      - Ran tests
      - teameval/Declaration

(b) Did you complete the assignment?
  Yes
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.

    Strengths:
    - Understanding the problem at hand, really allowed us to implement
      the solution. The observer really mitigates errors that an
      individual would normally make if programming solo.

    Weaknesses:
    - We could have tried more test scenarios.

(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
    - We learned that taking time upfront to plan out our
      solution saves us time in tne backend (and a lot of
      headaches).

    - Also, beneficial, is breaking the problem down into manageable sizes,
      (thinking: at this point in time what is the thread doing).
    
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together.

    - We would probably break down and spread our sessions when we work
      together.

(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
    - None at this time
